Add note about SLB req for availability_zones (#5158)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `availability_zones` - (Optional) Availability zones for nodes. The property `type` of the `agent_pool_profile` must be set to `VirtualMachineScaleSets` in order to use availability zones.

> -> **NOTE:** If you have provided the `load_balancer_sku` argument with the value `Basic`, you will not be able use `availability_zones`. You must use the `Standard` SKU.

Reviewer: we can probably flip this around to:

```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** To configure Availability Zones the `load_balancer_sku` must be set to `Standard`
```

WDYT?
